hi everybody today i want to recap an
action movie called kingsman the secret
service hope you enjoy during a mission
in the middle east in 1997 probationary
secret agent lee unwin sacrifices
himself to protect his superior hairy
heart from an explosion
hart blaming himself for lee's death
returns to london to give lee's widow
michelle and her young son gary eggsy a
medal engraved with an emergency
assistance number
17 years later eggsy is a stereotypical
chap having dropped out of training for
the royal marines despite his
intelligence and talents for both
gymnastics and parkour
[Music]
after getting arrested for stealing a
car
exe calls the number
hart arranges his release and explains
that he is a member of kingsman a
private intelligence service founded by
british elite who lost their heirs in
world war one and put their money
towards protecting the world
finished our drinks after you nicked his
car dean says your fair game and you
don't give a [ __ ] what your mum says um
listen boys
you should get out of white granddaddy
you'll get hurt and all you ain't joking
you should go
looking for another red boy they're on
the corner of smith street
manners
do you know what that means
stand around here all day or are we
going to fight
[Music]
the organization is named for the tailor
shop that clothed them in savile row
which they now use as a front for their
bases
[Music]
heart code name galahad explains there
is a position available as agent
lancelot was killed by the assassin
gazelle while trying to rescue
university professor james arnold from
kidnappers
exe becomes hart's candidate
kingsman's technical support operative
merlin discovers that professor arnold
is working as though nothing has
happened
hard attempts to interrogate him at
imperial college london but a microchip
in professor arnold's neck explodes
killing him
the detonation signal is traced to a
facility owned by gazelle's employer
richmond valentine an internet
billionaire and philanthropist who has
offered everyone in the world sim cards
that grant free cellular and internet
connectivity
hart impersonating as a billionaire
philanthropist meets valentine face to
face
other candidates are eliminated through
dangerous training tests run by merlin
until only eggsy and roxy a candidate
exe befriended are left
exe refuses to complete the final test
shooting a pug puppy he raised during
the training process and roxy is named
the new lancelot
heart learns of valentine's connection
to an obscure hate group's church in
kentucky and travels there wearing
glasses containing a video transceiver
as eggsy watches valentine activates the
sim cards in the church triggering a
signal that causes the parishioners
along with heart to become murderously
violent
[Music]
um
harry
harry what the heck is going on
everyone's been affected whether they
have a sim card or not and we get the
added benefit
[Music]
hart's spy training leaves him as the
only survivor outside the church
valentine explains what happened before
shooting heart in the face apparently
killing him
exe returns to kingsman headquarters and
notices that chester arthur king
kingsman's leader has a scar on his neck
just like professor arnold's
king reveals that valentine plans to
transmit his neurological wave worldwide
via satellite network believing the
resulting culling of most of the human
race will avert its extinction via
global warming
only those valentine has chosen will be
unaffected
[Music]
king tries to kill eggsy with a poisoned
drink but eggsy switches glasses with
king beforehand who poisons himself
exe merlin and roxy set out to stop
valentine roxy uses high altitude
balloons to destroy one of valentine's
satellites and break up the network but
valentine secures a replacement
merlin flies exe to valentine's base
where he masquerades as king
[Music]
eggsy is discovered by a failed kingsman
recruit charlie hesketh leading to both
eggsy and merlin being cornered
on eggsy's suggestion merlin activates
the implanted ship's fail-safe killing
almost everyone with a chip
[Music]
valentine activates the signal
triggering worldwide pandemonium
[Applause]
[Music]
not yet stop playing with your food
exe kills gazelle and uses one of her
sharpened prosthetic legs to impale
valentine and kill him stopping the
signal and ending the threat
afterward he shares a sexual encounter
with tilda crown princess of sweden who
was abducted by
[Music]
valentine in a mid-credits scene exe now
the new galahad offers his mother and
half-sister a new home away from his
abusive stepfather who is knocked
unconscious in the same way that harry
earlier knocked out a gangster
as a good friend once said
manners
maker
man
they gonna shove your manners up your
[ __ ]
[Music]
are we going to stand around there all
day
or are we going to fight
thanks for watching consider to
subscribe and see you again in the next
video